:bookmark: [#396] release 1.16.1 (#397)
open-zaak/open-notificaties: CHANGELOG.rst

Changes
=======

1.16.1 (2026-06-15)
===================

> 

Reviewer: Could you add a note for the changed django-outgoing-requests-log envvar defaults, similar to https://github.com/open-zaak/open-zaak/pull/2404/changes#diff-2c623f3c6a917be56c59d43279244996836262cb1e12d9d0786c9c49eef6b43cR13-R20?

**Project maintenance**

* Upgrade dependencies

  * ``open-api-framework`` to ``0.14.0``
  * ``maykin-common`` to ``0.19.0``
  * ``django-log-outgoing-requests`` to ``0.9.1``
  * ``Django`` to ``5.2.14``
  * ``urllib3`` to ``2.7.0``
  * ``idna`` to ``3.18``
  * ``tornado`` to ``6.5.7``

* [:open-api-framework:`83`] Replace generated environment variable documentation
  with reusable directives from ``maykin-common``.

* [:open-api-framework:`83`] Use configuration helpers from ``maykin-common``.

* [:open-api-framework:`218`] Harden GitHub Actions workflows

  * Pin GitHub Actions to immutable SHAs
  * Disable credential persistence for checkout actions
  * Add explicit workflow permissions
  * Upgrade ``open-api-workflows`` to ``v6.4.0``

* [#393] Add PR checklist item for Architectural Decision Records (ADR).

> * [#394] Remove references to the defunct ``nlx.io`` website.

Reviewer: This can be moved to the documentation section

> * [#394] Remove references to the defunct ``nlx.io`` website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add PR checklist item for Architectural Decision Records (ADR).

* Remove references to the defunct ``nlx.io`` website.
```

Changes
=======

1.16.1 (2026-06-15)
===================

.. note::

  The defaults for several environment variables for the ``django-log-outgoing-requests``
  configuration have changed (see :ref:`installation_env_config` > Logging)

  * ``LOG_REQUESTS`` is now ``True`` by default, instead of ``False``

>   * ``LOG_OUTGOING_REQUESTS_DB_SAVE_BODY`` is now ``True`` by default, instead of ``False``

Reviewer: Made a mistake in my own comment 😅 
```suggestion
  * ``LOG_OUTGOING_REQUESTS_DB_SAVE_BODY`` is now ``False`` by default, instead of ``True``
```
